been making a new texture pack here the
basic texture pack was from John Smith
if you go to this minecraft forum.net
thread you can get this texture and so
basically what ideas I'd I've been
installed that texture and then I've
been modifying it just playing with
different blocks I haven't changed all
the blocks but i'll show you the ones i
have changed changed all the orders so
I've got the Redstone the diamond the
gold and the iron ore and the coal or
really happy with the gold or I think
that looks really nice it's basically
took a image of gold ore and reduced it
in size so that's pretty much what it
looks like in real life so that cannot
really nice then I got my Daisy in the
Rose those are kind of cool I didn't
really like the flowers that he had
they're more like bushes but touch up
the daisies got a little green on the
top there of it they did this is really
weird this is some sort of glitch on my
brick this is a different pattern of
brick than he had but this glitch is
kind of distracting can see down in
there see how ok here's in the law
anyway that's really weird that's the
brick pattern the rest is the same till
we get to the glass it changed the glass
a little bit more see-through not sure I
like the color yet but the wood is more
of a kind of light
I'm just like that laminate floor stuff
you put down I think look sorry I really
like the tree you're the bart came out
really nice I think it's a pine tree
bark and then the Rings are it look
better from a little bit farther away
yeah there you go see ya shortly nice
yeah what else a chance here's this the
basic stone kind of looks like a marble
I most and then the grass the grass is a
little different and the dirts a little
different Sam's a little different and
the gravel is quite different I think
kind of stands out little rocks in there
so I like that then there's a
cobblestone I've been kind of messing
with that I'm not sure about this one
yet but I think I like it sure it was a
lot looks like on the entryway there and
then you can see the doors there I
thought that was kind of the white
stoles from somebody's image on google
and made it into a door it's really nice
looking door credit to whoever made that
then this is just a basic mission style
wood door I got it on backwards fix that
but kind of cool-looking I like the
mission styles i might see if i can
incorporate that into more the wood the
redstone didn't turn out that well and
anything with the tracks yet there's the
plates with their different textures and
haven't done anything with my card too
though
poets of bookcases the wheat so the rest
of that is John Smith's like my favorite
is the gold
which is useful thanks for watching